Phase2: Digital river features: Invoice links, manage my cards, tax calculation (#45)
vtex-apps/digital-river: docs/README.md

1. Install this app in the desired account using the CLI command `vtex install vtexus.connector-digital-river`. If you have multiple accounts configured in a marketplace-seller relationship, install the app and repeat the following steps in each of the related accounts.
2. In your admin sidebar, access the **Other** section and click on `Digital River` and then on `Configuration`.

> 3. In the settings fields, enter your `Digital River public key`, `Digital River token`, `VTEX App Key` and `VTEX App Token`. For initial testing, use a test `Digital River token` and leave the `Enable production mode` toggle turned off. Turn on the `Enable automatic catalog sync` toggle to enable syncing of SKUs from VTEX to Digital River each time a SKU is added or updated in your VTEX catalog. Turn on the `Enable tax inclusive prices` toggle to enable if your catalog uses tax-inclusive product prices.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. In the settings fields, enter your `Digital River public key`, `Digital River token`, `VTEX App Key` and `VTEX App Token`. For initial testing, use a test `Digital River token` and leave the `Enable production mode` toggle turned off. Turn on the `Enable automatic catalog sync` toggle to enable syncing of SKUs from VTEX to Digital River each time a SKU is added or updated in your VTEX catalog. Turn on the `Enable tax inclusive prices` toggle if your catalog uses tax-inclusive product prices.
```

⚠️ _For multiple accounts configured in a marketplace-seller relationship, the same `VTEX App Key` and `VTEX App Token` should be used for all of the accounts in which the app is installed. You can use any of the accounts to generate the key/token, and then grant additional permissions to the key/token by [creating a new user](https://help.vtex.com/en/tutorial/managing-users--tutorials_512) on each of the other accounts using the `VTEX App Key` in place of the user's email address, and then assigning the Owner role to that user._

> ⚠️ _There should be no other tax calculation provider enabled, if so it will re required to disable it._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
⚠️ _Digital River provides its own tax calculation service. Therefore there should be no other tax calculation provider enabled on your account. If there is, you will be required to disable it before Digital River can be configured._
```
